Project Description:
  I am going to make a discord clone or something of that nature.
  It's going to be a chat website that features forumns/servers you can enter
  It'll be bootleg version without any of the database and all the other stuff, but 
  will hopefully be functional

Feature List:
  - enter different servers
  - chat with different people
  - description on the side of either the person you're chatting or the server you're
  on

Technical Tasks:
  - no clue, just go as i work honestly

What works:
  -servers are featured and update with a single click
  -servers also respond nicely to clicks/hovers
  -there's also that grey/white little thing that discord has if you pay close enough
    attention to the servers
  -channels also update accordingly to the server
  -chatting, onesidedly

What doesn't work:
  -chat logs of channels are not updating accordingly when clicking channels
  -no description
  -unable to chat from the other side aka talk as the other person

Project Evaluation:
So first and foremost, is the website finished? No. It's close, but not really.
I think one of the most frustrating parts of creating this was getting the data.
Having any data to work with would have made this easier. What I mean by data are
servers, users, and chat logs. Having an idea of what each thing needed or had 
would have made this easier. It was also difficult coming up with this AND filling
up said objects with information that i wasn't sure of. To sum it up, terrible
planning.

As for the next part, I think it contains plenty of HTML, CSS, and diverse javascript.
It just isn't finished. This website will add elements, do calculations, tracks data
and contains database like stuff such as the servers, channels in said servers, and
the message logs (partially).

I truly from the bottom of my heart believe that this was a feasible project with everything
I learned from this class. With just the knowledge gained from this class I believe that a 
discord clone was doable. The only reason it didn't come to fruition was because I didn't 
plan at all whatsoever. I didn't consider the methods/attributes of the servers/channels/users/
and so on. The main takeaway from this project for me at least is the value of planning. How much
time and complexity is saved through proper consideration of what could happen.